22.1.3 update (#10)
DevExpress-Examples/wpf-dock-layout-manager-insert-prism-regions-into-dock-layout-manager-panels: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E1926)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# WPF Dock Layout Manager - Insert PRISM Regions into DockLayoutManager Panels

> This example defines a region at the [LayoutPanel](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.LayoutPanel) level and insert a view from another assembly into it. To create an instance of the PRISM adapter for a [LayoutPanel](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.LayoutPanel), use the AdapterFactory.Make method:

Reviewer: Does "it" refer to "region"? For example:

```suggestion
This example defines a region at the [LayoutPanel](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.LayoutPanel) level and inserts a view from another assembly into this region. To create an instance of the PRISM adapter for a [LayoutPanel](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.LayoutPanel), use the AdapterFactory.Make method:
```
